Refactor(eos_designs): uplink_interfaces, uplink_switches and uplink_switch_interfaces length check (#6354)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: docs/porting-guides/6.x.x.md

      ipv4_acl: IPV4
```

### Length of `uplink_interfaces`, `uplink_switches` and `uplink_switch_interfaces` has to be same

> In AVD 5.x, if the lengths of `uplink_interfaces`, `uplink_switches`, and `uplink_switch_interfaces` do not match, AVD still generates the configuration without raising an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In AVD 5.x, mismatched lengths for `uplink_interfaces`, `uplink_switches`, and `uplink_switch_interfaces` do not trigger an error. Instead, AVD silently defaults to the minimum length of the three lists, effectively ignoring any trailing entries in the longer lists during configuration generation.
```

Starting with AVD 6.0.0, the number of entries in `uplink_interfaces` and `uplink_switch_interfaces` must match the number of entries in `uplink_switches`. If this requirement is not met, AVD will raise an appropriate error.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If an error is generated after upgrading, you may need to adjust your inputs and make sure all three lists have the same size:

```
